Sustainability 2022 : fixed orders of magnitude (#3202)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2022/sustainability.md

  sql_file=""
) }}

> The carbon emissions for websites are very close on mobile and desktop. They seem quite low on the 10th percentile (around 0.15 g eqCO2, which would be equivalent to <a hreflang="fr" href="https://datagir.ademe.fr/apps/mon-impact-transport/">a little less than 1m with a thermal car</a>). They reach as much as 2.76 g eqCO2 on the 90th percentile (a little more than 14m with a thermal car).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The carbon emissions for websites are very close on mobile and desktop. They seem quite low on the 10th percentile (around 0.15 g eqCO2, which would be equivalent to <a hreflang="fr" href="https://datagir.ademe.fr/apps/mon-impact-transport/">a little less than 1 m with a thermal car</a>). They reach as much as 2.76 g eqCO2 on the 90th percentile (a little more than 14 m with a thermal car).
```

> The carbon emissions for websites are very close on mobile and desktop. They seem quite low on the 10th percentile (around 0.15 g eqCO2, which would be equivalent to <a hreflang="fr" href="https://datagir.ademe.fr/apps/mon-impact-transport/">a little less than 1 m with a thermal car</a>). They reach as much as 2.76 g eqCO2 on the 90th percentile (a little more than 14 m with a thermal car).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The carbon emissions for websites are very close on mobile and desktop. They seem quite low on the 10th percentile (around 0.15 g eqCO2, which would be equivalent to <a hreflang="fr" href="https://datagir.ademe.fr/apps/mon-impact-transport/">a little less than 1 meter with a thermal car</a>). They reach as much as 2.76 g eqCO2 on the 90th percentile (a little more than 14 meters with a thermal car).
```
